.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: Includes.txt


.. _start:

=================
Official Template
=================

:Previous Key:
      official_template

:Version:
      2.0.0

:Language:
      en

:Description:
      Template for all the official manuals

:Copyright:
      2000-2013

:Author:
      Documentation Team

:Email:
      documentation@typo3.org

:License:
      Open Content License available from `www.opencontent.org/opl.shtml
      <http://www.opencontent.org/opl.shtml>`_

:Rendered:
      |today|

The content of this document is related to TYPO3,

a GNU/GPL CMS/Framework available from `www.typo3.org
<http://www.typo3.org/>`_


**Official documentation**

This document is included as part of the official TYPO3 documentation.
It has been approved by the TYPO3 Documentation Team following a peer-
review process. The reader should expect the information in this
document to be accurate - please report discrepancies to the
Documentation Team (documentation@typo3.org). Official documents are
kept up-to-date to the best of the Documentation Team's abilities.

*(Note: The above box must be present in every official manual. For
translations use the box below)*

**Official documentation translation**

This document is a translation of a TYPO3 official manual. It may not
be as up to date as the original. In case of doubt please refer to the
English version.

*(Note: This appears for translations instead of the text above)*

*(Note: From the boxes below, only the one that corresponds to the
type of manual must be present)*

**Core Manual**

This document is a Core Manual. Core Manuals address the built in
functionality of TYPO3 and are designed to provide the reader with in-
depth information. Each Core Manual addresses a particular process or
function and how it is implemented within the TYPO3 source code. These
may include information on available APIs, specific configuration
options, etc.

Core Manuals are written as reference manuals. The reader should rely
on the Table of Contents to identify what particular section will best
address the task at hand.

**Guide**

This document is a Guide. Guides are designed to familiarize a reader
with a specific topic in order to provide a working knowledge of that
particular process. Readers should peruse the guide from cover to
cover in order to gain a practical overview of the process. Once
completed, the Guide becomes a practical reference tool that a reader
will refer to as needed. Guides offer advice on how best to achieve a
given task.

**Tutorial**

This document is a Tutorial. Tutorials are designed to be step-by-step
instructions specifically created to walk a beginner through a
particular task from beginning to end. To facilitate effective
learning, Tutorials provide examples to illustrate the subjects they
cover. In addition, Tutorials provide guidance on how to avoid common
pitfalls and highlight key concepts that should be remembered for
future reference.


**Table of Contents**

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 5
   :titlesonly:
   :glob:

   Introduction/Index
   Chapter1/Index
   NextSteps/Index
   Targets

